Document MV GRACE PERIOD clause (#15810)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/sql/create-materialized-view.rst

reads of view data over time, or by multiple users, all trigger repeated
processing. This is avoided for materialized views.

The optional ``OR REPLACE`` clause causes the materialized view to be replaced
if it already exists rather than raising an error.

The optional ``IF NOT EXISTS`` clause causes the materialized view only to be
created or replaced if it does not exist yet.

> The optional ``GRACE PERIOD`` clause specified how long the query materialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional ``GRACE PERIOD`` clause specifies how long the query materialization
```

> should be used for querying. If time elapsed since last materialized view refresh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used for querying. If the time elapsed since last materialized view refresh
```

is greater than the grace period, the materialized view acts as a normal view and

> materialized data is not used. If not specified, the grace period defaults to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the materialized data is not used. If not specified, the grace period defaults to
```

> infinity. See :doc:`refresh-materialized-view` for more about refreshing

Reviewer: We should clarify what that means in practice. Something like that:

As a result a materialized by default therefore without the specified grace period always uses the materialized data from the last refresh and never falls back to act like a view and retrieve the current data from the source tables.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. 
You worded it very precisely. I am afraid some users may not understand. The sentence feels pretty long. Would it be possible to reword it or split? 

Ideally, can you please make it a suggestion, or somehow else indicate which piece of text you would want to have replaced with the new sentence(s)?

Reviewer: Yeah .. I was struggling putting something together.

How about this? After "inifinity." insert this sentence:

```
The default behavior therefore is that the queries accessing the materialized view always access the data from the most recent refresh and the materialized view storage tables. The query processing never falls back to process the materialized view access like a view and retrieve the current data from the source tables. This only occurs if a grace period is specified.
```

I know this is long but I feel like this is the only way to truly explain what is and is not happening. Maybe @colebow can chime in and refine my wording some more.

Reviewer: @findepi did you forget to pull the above suggestion in?
